All right so in this video we're going to look at auto fit and min max which can make your grid kind
of responsive.
And it's good in certain situations not so good in some other situations it's great for like image gallery
stuff like that but probably not so much for just regular Web site layout.
So going to create a new file here called 0 4 underscore min max Don h t AML and generator.
Each team out here
OK.
And just going to copy the styling for the item
and paste that in here and then in the body let's put our parents in then we'll do item
and let's do times four.
OK.
So if four grid items so let's set display grid on to our parent element here
and then we're gonna set grid template columns.
And I want to set it to repeat
and I want to set in here.
Auto fit.
So auto dash fit.
And then instead of just setting a width here I'm going to use min max which is a minimum and a maximum.
So it's gonna take in those two things I'm going to say a minimum of 300 pixels a maximum of 1 FIA which
is just the whole fraction.
So let's save this and let's open this up
OK.
So immediately you can see that there's at this browser size we have two columns.
Right.
But as soon as I get to three hundred pixels which is our minimum it's going to just go to it.
They're going to stack.
So it's pretty responsive.
And if I go bigger you'll see we'll have three until it hits they hit three hundred.
Goes back goes to two bigger.
Now if we were to make this to like 200 and let's add in a bunch of items here and save.
So now you can see that it's it's pretty responsive.
It stacks here but it's only good for certain types of content in my opinion.
I don't use it for regular layout because if I wanted to have like let's just let's say I just wanted
three boxes right where we have an icon some text it's like the features or whatever for the Web site.
I don't ever want it to be like that.
You know so I like to have more control over it in media queries so that I can set it to be either three
or stack two like that.
I don't want this midpoint here.
So it's good for some some things but not so good for others.
Image galleries things like that it's really good for.
But I did want to just show you that.
But in the next video before we get to I'm going to show you how to use media queries with the grid
as well.
But before we get to that I want to show you something called GRID template areas which are really nice
they allow you to basically map out your content visually within your CSX and I'll show you what I mean
in the next video.